The code in the MATPOWER Optimal Scheduling Tool (MOST) is distributed
under the 3-clause BSD license below.

While not required by the terms of the license, we do request that
publications derived from the use of MOST explicitly acknowledge
that fact by citing both of the following:

  R. D. Zimmerman, C. E. Murillo-Sanchez, and R. J. Thomas, "MATPOWER:
  Steady-State Operations, Planning and Analysis Tools for Power Systems
  Research and Education," Power Systems, IEEE Transactions on, vol. 26,
  no. 1, pp. 12-19, Feb. 2011.

  C. E. Murillo-Sanchez, R. D. Zimmerman, C. L. Anderson, and R. J. Thomas,
  "Secure Planning and Operations of Systems with Stochastic Sources,
  Energy Storage and Active Demand," Smart Grid, IEEE Transactions on,
  vol. 4, no. 4, pp. 2220-2229, Dec. 2013.

The following is the official license notice:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 1996-2016, Power Systems Engineering Research Center (PSERC)
and individual contributors (see AUTHORS file for details).
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
